### Conceptual Exercise

Answer the following questions below:

- What is PostgreSQL?
	- PostgreSQL is an Open Source, Relational Database Management System.

- What is the difference between SQL and PostgreSQL?
	- SQL
		- Structured Query Language is the standard language you use to interact with a relational database. It has commands like SELECT, UPDATE, INSERT, and DELETE to tell the database exactly what you want to do with the data.
	- PostgreSQL
		- Is a relational database management system that governs the database, providing and regulating access to the data. 

- In `psql`, how do you connect to a database?
	- `\c DB_NAME` = connect to DB_NAME

- What is the difference between `HAVING` and `WHERE`?
	-  WHERE - Decide which rows to use
	-  HAVING - Determine which grouped results to keep

- What is the difference between an `INNER` and `OUTER` join?
	- **Inner**
		- Only the rows that match the condition in both tables.
    
- **Outer**
	- Left - All of the rows from the first table (left), combined with matching rows from the second table (right).
	- Right - The matching rows from the first table (left), combined with all the rows from the second table (right).
	- Full - All the rows from both tables (left and right).

- What is the difference between a `LEFT OUTER` and `RIGHT OUTER` join?
	- Left - All of the rows from the first table (left), combined with matching rows from the second table (right).
	- Right - The matching rows from the first table (left), combined with all the rows from the second table (right).

- What is an ORM? What do they do?
	- Object-relational-mappers are tools used to create and manipulate models of database tables through a programming language like Python.
	- SQLAlchemy (SQLA) is an ORM that allows you to write Python code that is translated into SQL, in a similar way that Jinja allows you to write HTML with Python.

- What are some differences between making HTTP requests using AJAX and from the server side using a library like `requests`?
	- **Why Use Client-Side Requests?**
		- You can do easily using AJAX libraries
		- Don’t have to involve Flask in the API
		- Can be faster: browser could talk directly to, 		say, Google Maps

	- **Why Use Server-Side Requests?**
		- Same-Origin Policy may prevent browser 		requests
		- Easier for server to store/process the data
			- e.g. have Flask requests restaurants and 		store in SQL database
		- Need password to access API
		- If API uses password & we make request in 		browser JS, people could learn password from 		reading JS


- What is CSRF? What is the purpose of the CSRF token?
	- **Cross-Site Request Forgery**
		- A form on any site can submit to any other 		site!
		- Therefore, most sites use a “CSRF Token”:
			- This is generated by the server when a form 		is 	shown
			- It is included in the HTML of the form
			- It is checked by the server on form 		submission


- What is the purpose of `form.hidden_tag()`?
	- The form. hidden_tag() template argument generates a hidden field that includes a token that is used to protect the form against CSRF attacks.
